Fix vague sentence in introduction (#10621)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/10-getting-started/10-introduction.md

Svelte renders UI components. You can compose these components and render an entire page with just Svelte, but you need more than just Svelte to write an entire app.

> SvelteKit provides basic functionality like a [router](glossary#routing) — which updates the UI when a link is clicked — and [server-side rendering (SSR)](glossary#ssr). More than that, though, SvelteKit helps you build web apps with all the modern best practices. Those practices include [build optimizations](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#build-optimizations), so that you load only the minimal required code; [offline support](service-workers); [preloading](link-options#data-sveltekit-preload-data) pages before the user initiates navigation; [configurable rendering](page-options) that allows you to render different parts of your app on the server with [SSR](glossary#ssr), in the browser [client-side rendering](glossary#csr), or at build-time with [prerendering](glossary#prerendering); and many other things. SvelteKit does all the boring stuff for you so that you can get on with the creative part.

Reviewer: This is a great point -- I agree that the overall structure and flow could be more focused and fluent.  I think your revision could even be taken a bit further:

```suggestion
SvelteKit helps you build web apps by addressing both modern best practices and common development challenges. It offers everything from basic functionalities, like a [router](glossary#routing) that updates your UI when a link is clicked, to more complex tools such as [server-side rendering (SSR)](glossary#ssr). The list of features is extensive: [build optimizations](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#build-optimizations) to load only the minimal required code; [offline support](service-workers); [preloading](link-options#data-sveltekit-preload-data) pages before user navigation; [configurable rendering](page-options) to handle different parts of your app on the server via [SSR](glossary#ssr), in the browser through [client-side rendering](glossary#csr), or at build-time with [prerendering](glossary#prerendering); and much more. SvelteKit does all the boring stuff for you so that you can get on with the creative part.
```

> SvelteKit helps you build web apps by addressing both modern best practices and common development challenges. It offers everything from basic functionalities, like a [router](glossary#routing) that updates your UI when a link is clicked, to more complex tools such as [server-side rendering (SSR)](glossary#ssr). The list of features is extensive: [build optimizations](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#build-optimizations) to load only the minimal required code; [offline support](service-workers); [preloading](link-options#data-sveltekit-preload-data) pages before user navigation; [configurable rendering](page-options) to handle different parts of your app on the server via [SSR](glossary#ssr), in the browser through [client-side rendering](glossary#csr), or at build-time with [prerendering](glossary#prerendering); and much more. SvelteKit does all the boring stuff for you so that you can get on with the creative part.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SvelteKit helps you build web apps while following modern best practices and providing solutions to common development challenges. It offers everything from basic functionalities — like a [router](glossary#routing) that updates your UI when a link is clicked — to more advanced capabilities. Its extensive list of features includes [build optimizations](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#build-optimizations) to load only the minimal required code; [offline support](service-workers); [preloading](link-options#data-sveltekit-preload-data) pages before user navigation; [configurable rendering](page-options) to handle different parts of your app on the server via [SSR](glossary#ssr), in the browser through [client-side rendering](glossary#csr), or at build-time with [prerendering](glossary#prerendering); and much more. Building an app with all the modern best practices is fiendishly complicated, but SvelteKit does all the boring stuff for you so that you can get on with the creative part.
```
